My girlfriend's birthday is coming soon (26/04/2026), and I want to build a fun birthday web app for her.
The app should use modern HTML, CSS and JavaScript (vanilla)
Her name is Grace Jude, I call her Nenye.

Birthday app idea.
Page1: 
This should be a countdown page. (countdown end is 29th May, 2026)
It should have a melody and a picture carousel as the page background.
It should use a setTimeout of 5sec to navigate to the main pages when the countdown expires

Page2:
This page should have a grid of different actions that can be clicked on. 
A birthday greeting message should be on top the actions grid.
The grid should have a nice animation with icon illustration as the header, Headings text for the name of the action, sub-text and describe the actions, and plain text to explain what the action can do in details for each action.
These are the list of possible actions:
- Journey so far
- Birthday wishes
- Blow your candle/Make a wish

Page 3 (Journey So Far):
This page should be a history book with pictures of her childhood till date.
The pictures should have a vintage theme and the text font style should be vintage

Page 3 (Birthday Wishes)
This page should show a collection of birthday wishes with the name of who wished her.
The wishes can be a lot, so make the page fun, interactive and intuitive to use.
It should have a background song playing when any wish is clicked on

Page 3 (Blow your candle/Make a wish)
This page should show a cake with as much candles as her ag on it.
When she presses the B-key on her keyboard, that should send a signal that she wants to blow out the candles, then the flames should go off like a real candle, with confetti all over the screen. (The ui should have a small note giving instructions on how to blow the candles)


Generate a prompt for OpenRouter/Kemi k2.6 Ai Model to build this entire app, but must start with analysis and planning phase, after that is approved, it then moves to implementation.

Note even though its a basic web app, with vanilla js, proper separation of concerns must be employeed, and must use clean code approach. 

Hello 
My name is George, (Grace's boyfriend)
First apologies for messaging you out of the blue, but desperate times has called for desperate measures.
So to begin, we start by taking this oath of secrecy (just kidding). But please I don't want her to find out about this, at least not yet.

For the very short time I've known and interacted with Grace, she has used every opportunity to speak highly of you, and this month being her birthday month, I want to surprise her (but can't do it without your input).

I'm working on a project (Project  CONFETTI CLOUD) This is a surprise birthday project; I am gathering fun memories (pictures, videos etc) and also birthday wishes. 
So I'll like if you can contribute to this project.